# The Truth About Stories: A Native Narrative
## Thomas King

### Quotes
  - "We trust easy oppositions. We are suspicious of complexities, distrustful of contradictions, fearful of enigmas."
  - "tripping the shutter captures nothing, that everything on the ground glass changes before the light hits the film plane. What the camera allows you to do is to invent, to create. That’s really what photographs are. Not records of moments, but rather imaginative acts."
  - "Middle-class Indians, such as myself, can, after all, afford the burden of looking Indian. There’s little danger that we’ll be stuffed into the trunk of a police cruiser and dropped off on the outskirts of Saskatoon. Not much chance that we’ll come before the courts and be incarcerated for a longer period of time than our non-Indian brethren. Hardly any risk that our children will be taken from us because we are unable to cope with the potentials of poverty."
  - "Matter of fact, if it weren’t for the infusion of free public money into the private sector, capitalism would have a very difficult time maintaining itself. Just ask Air Canada or Bombardier or any of the major players in the Alberta oil industry."
  - "Maybe the answer to the question is simply that you don’t think we deserve the things we have. You don’t think we’ve worked for them. You don’t think we’ve earned them. You think that all we did was to sign our names to some prehistoric treaty, and, ever since, we’ve been living in a semi-uncomfortable welfare state of trust land and periodic benefits. Maybe you believe we’re lazy/drunk/belligerent/stupid. Unable to look after our own affairs. Maybe you think all we want to do is conjure up the past and crawl into it."
  - "The Nigerian storyteller Ben Okri says that “In a fractured age, when cynicism is god, here is a possible heresy: we live by stories, we also live in them. One way or another we are living the stories planted in us early or along the way, or we are also living the stories we planted — knowingly or unknowingly — in ourselves. We live stories that either give our lives meaning or negate it with meaninglessness. If we change the stories we live by, quite possibly we change our lives.”"
  - "Perhaps we shouldn’t be displeased with the “environmental ethics” we have or the “business ethics” or the “political ethics” or any of the myriad of other codes of conduct suggested by our actions. After all, we’ve created them. We’ve created the stories that allow them to exist and flourish. They didn’t come out of nowhere. They didn’t arrive from another planet."
